README.md, before:

# Nerdery JVM Prospecting Challenge

In this challenge your task is to find the most mineral-rich location on various plots of land, by
writing a bot which probes various locations for their mineral value. Bots will receive points
based on the highest mineral value they probed for each plot of land.

## The Rules:

1. A tournament consists of 100 rounds.
1. For each round in a tournament:
    1. A plot of land is generated with a random gradient distribution of mineral values across the range
       0 <= x < 512 and 0 <= y < 512. Mineral values are only defined on integer values of x and y.
    1. Each bot is called via their 'prospect' method.
        1. During execution of the prospect method, each bot is able to make up to 100 probe queries.
        1. Each query specifies a coordinate in the plot, and returns the mineral value at that coordinate.
        1. A maximum of 100 queries are allowed per plot - subsequent queries will return a value of 0.
        1. After returning from the 'prospect' method, each bot receives points equal to the highest mineral
           value they probed for the plot.
1. Points are summed for each bot across the 100 rounds. The bot with the most points wins the tournament.
1. In the event of a tie, a victor will be chosen based on arbitrary and capricious judging of the tied
bot's implementations.

## Implementing Your Bot

Example bots are provided in Kotlin, Java, Clojure and Scala. To implement a bot, open the source directory for your
chosen language and copy one of the example bots from the `xyz.jmullin.prospector.bot` package
within the source root for your chosen language.

Bots implement the `xyz.jmullin.prospector.game.ProspectorBot` interface. More specific documentation pertaining
to implementation can be found there. Any bots implementing the `ProspectorBot` interface which are located
in the `xyz.jmullin.prospector.bot` package will be automatically included in the tournament.

When you're happy with your bot, submit a PR including your bot implementation on GitHub, or send
an e-mail to me at jmullin@nerdery.com. We'll run the final tournament after the challenge has completed
and declare a victor.

## Testing Your Bot

You can run a test tournament in the visualizer or headless mode. In the visualizer you can see all the bot
implementations competing against each other in realtime, and control simulation speed. Headless mode
eschews display and animations, and outputs the results of each puzzle and the final scores to standard out;
it's useful for rapid testing and comparison of new strategies.

`./gradlew run`: Run a tournament in the visualizer.

`./gradlew runHeadless`: Run a text-based tournament.

Mouse over the plot in visualization mode to see the mineral value at a given coordinate.

## Questions or Concerns?

Direct 'em to Justin Mullin, via Nerdery chat or at jmullin@nerdery.com.

Commit message:

Added an image example of a mineral distribution.

README.md, after:

# Nerdery JVM Prospecting Challenge

In this challenge your task is to find the most mineral-rich location on various plots of land, by
writing a bot which probes various locations for their mineral value. Bots will receive points
based on the highest mineral value they probed for each plot of land.

## The Rules:

1. A tournament consists of 100 rounds.
1. For each round in a tournament:
    1. A plot of land is generated with a random gradient distribution of mineral values across the range
       0 <= x < 512 and 0 <= y < 512. Mineral values are only defined on integer values of x and y.
    1. Each bot is called via their 'prospect' method.
        1. During execution of the prospect method, each bot is able to make up to 100 probe queries.
        1. Each query specifies a coordinate in the plot, and returns the mineral value at that coordinate.
        1. A maximum of 100 queries are allowed per plot - subsequent queries will return a value of 0.
        1. After returning from the 'prospect' method, each bot receives points equal to the highest mineral
           value they probed for the plot.
1. Points are summed for each bot across the 100 rounds. The bot with the most points wins the tournament.
1. In the event of a tie, a victor will be chosen based on arbitrary and capricious judging of the tied
bot's implementations.

Mineral distributions are generated by combining various frequencies of Simplex Noise. Here's an example:
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Up9W7ga.png" width="500" height="500">

## Implementing Your Bot

Example bots are provided in Kotlin, Java, Clojure and Scala. To implement a bot, open the source directory for your
chosen language and copy one of the example bots from the `xyz.jmullin.prospector.bot` package
within the source root for your chosen language.

Bots implement the `xyz.jmullin.prospector.game.ProspectorBot` interface. More specific documentation pertaining
to implementation can be found there. Any bots implementing the `ProspectorBot` interface which are located
in the `xyz.jmullin.prospector.bot` package will be automatically included in the tournament.

When you're happy with your bot, submit a PR including your bot implementation on GitHub, or send
an e-mail to me at jmullin@nerdery.com. We'll run the final tournament after the challenge has completed
and declare a victor.

## Testing Your Bot

You can run a test tournament in the visualizer or headless mode. In the visualizer you can see all the bot
implementations competing against each other in realtime, and control simulation speed. Headless mode
eschews display and animations, and outputs the results of each puzzle and the final scores to standard out;
it's useful for rapid testing and comparison of new strategies.

`./gradlew run`: Run a tournament in the visualizer.

`./gradlew runHeadless`: Run a text-based tournament.

Mouse over the plot in visualization mode to see the mineral value at a given coordinate.

## Questions or Concerns?

Direct 'em to Justin Mullin, via Nerdery chat or at jmullin@nerdery.com.
